Author: Austin

A Demonstration of a basic UI manager.
Comes with a test script and a scene.



Script: UIManager
	An example of a base UI manager class.

	This class determines what data the player will pass to the scene.

	For this example, I have decided the player can select colors and tile indicies
	Since both colors and indicies are structs (and therefore cannot be 'null'), I create bool properties to indicate if they are being inputed
		If they were classes, I could set them to null to indicate no input, if null is not a valid player input

	
	This class is just a base, it does provide an implementation for player input. That will be left to derived class
	It does provide a way for its children to register user inputs

	I chose to have much of the class static because there is ever only going to be one player.

	

Script: ButtonUIManager
	1 implementation of the UIManager class

	The base class defined 2 inputs, color and tile index. It is up to this class to determine how the will be inputted.

	Color:
	 - 2 buttons for red and green. 
		-These buttons are place in the scene along with this script. Those buttons ONLY interact with this script
	 - right click for random color
	
	Tile:
	 - Mouse position

	There are other ways to do this. For example:
		Color:
		 - Select from color wheel
		 - number keys
		Tile:
		 - click location
		 - arrow keys
	If you wish, you can try out your own implementation. Just replace this script in the scene with yours.



Script: ButtonUITest
	A test script for the UIManager
	This test the 2 defined inputs, color and tile index, by assigning them to a square.	 

	This script only interacts with the base class, UIManager
	 - If you want to try to implement your own version of the UIManager, you can use this class as is to test your script.



Scene: UI Example Scene
	Components:
		ButtonUIManager
		ButtonUITester

		These components don't need be a part of any gameObject specifically, so I placed them in a 'Main' object

	Other:
		2 buttons, Red and Green
		 - Builtin Unity button, only changed position and text
		sprite
		 - visual indicator for test script